what's up you good players i'll tak 95
Greene guys another video there's going
to be a discussion yes i'm driving right
now but yeah let's just ignore the
potential law-breaking issues sort of
not really many whose so i would figured
i'd be doing a discussion on the new ICS
priced car that was released today or
announced rather than new minerva card
if you guys haven't seen it i will put a
link down below in the description of
this video you guys should be able to
check that out and i guess this is
obviously my opinion so you guys don't
have to agree with it but right off the
bat as soon as i read the card I'm like
this card is just trash like like I'm
sorry but I think unami really needs to
step up their prize card game I'm not
saying make them like overly broken like
certain cards in the past event you
obviously stein crush card Oh make it
balance I think the best example of
balance prize cards are probably Christ
cards like giant hand and dark end
dragon I think at their time and during
their prime both those cards not only
were those really you know good times in
yugioh just really I wouldn't say
necessarily make save money based
formats but in general they were formats
where players could both use those cards
which made the cards retain value but
across the board they were also just
good I mean darkened during its
circulation in 08 zombies could make it
tella dad can make it tell azam bees can
make it in the future LS can make it so
many decks to make dark end at the time
you know plague spread to bring at least
in crossroads of chaos at the time I
mean that may dark end a really good
balance price card and the reason it was
good is you were able to out establish
boards that had things like Stardust
thought ruler just a bunch of other good
card so dark gun was a fair good prize
card that gave a slight edge to people
that had it similar to giant hand when
giant hand was released it wasn't
necessarily the most used prize card but
we saw used over
because it was a generic rank Ford rank
for thai boxing is the best the best
tool box in the game so we've seen decks
everything from you know gear Gitomer
males to necros even to just just any
deck pretty much tellers any deck that
was its able to pretty much toolbox with
rain forest is able to make on hand and
it's still used and I think it's still
one of the best expose ease and if you
have it you should be able to be running
it in pretty much every deck or you
should be finding your employ and it's a
fair card it doesn't like completely
blow out your opponent a lot of time
people will j yeah a lot of the times we
will just make it for style points but
there are times when it's ideal to make
I can't tell you how many times I've won
you know last year throughout Nationals
and it's all now since i've been using
jehanne for the last like year and a
half two years you know against gear
ghia against tellers against mer mouth
those times are in 22 games so there's a
lot of times where doesn't you just make
it for style points but there are games
where it can when you and it is ideal to
have that card now this new minerva card
i'm sorry but this is not cutting it
like average its generic I get it I get
it sudo fire like a pseudo judgement
dragon type thing like I get it but I'm
sorry I think for a prize card we need
something that's a little bit better at
least competitively and something that
will likely retain value in the long run
where people actually want to be playing
in these events where people want to be
you know traveling thousands of miles
you know hundreds of thousands hundreds
of miles and even thousands of miles to
get and potentially play and win these
cart and play for and win these cards so
ideally I don't think this is a very
good price card i mean i wouldn't say
obviously it's not broken and it's
balanced so to speak but it's not really
relevant competitively i don't think
anybody's really gonna be running it to
give them any sort of quote-unquote edge
in the future that gets it it's just one
of those it's kind of like a decimals to
go Dark Lord ascension sky dragon I
think ascension sky dragon was even
better than um then this card
particularly I mean I've seen like yang
Zing's make ascension I mean it's a cool
card it's a 10 I mean I've seen necros
play
that were running instead of running Leo
were running that is there tend to make
decisive armor so yeah I think of a
nervous isn't that great across the
board I wish it was something better let
me know what you guys think i'll put the
link of the card down below in the
description of this video you guys can
you tell me what you guys think of
minerva the lights were in garbage prior
yts price card I'm not really like the
fact that i'm so unmotivated now and
just don't have opportunity to travel as
many events this coming year I mean
makes it even like less I guess relevant
with Minerva being the price cred
because it's not it's not one that I
would really want to ran it's not one
that I'd want to win I'd rather win
ascension so or any other prize card for
that matter that's relevant and playable
so it's pretty much it let me know what
you guys think of this video let me know
what you guys thoughts on this price
card are drop your comments down below
I'll link the prize card and the
information you guys can check out the
effect you guys can check out the art it
has really cool art obviously but it's
it's a lights one card whoopty-doo so
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow let me
know which kind of video gazes like to
see would you guys like to see an arg
for my deck and back discussion a deck
you know generic deck profile from this
format even though the list isn't out
yet which hopefully please Konami
release it ASAP or something else along
those lines let me know so yeah drop
those comments down below ASAP I love
hearing you guys's feedback and
commenting with you guys so yeah I'm
quick thing am i evil storm profile ash
i was gonna remake it but i actually
forgot to add in 3 rodas i had it on my
door network door network profile i
forgot I forgot to carry those over into
my real life deck profile so i would
definitely just be taking out the two
MSTS and I believe probably like a
mirror force or something out of the
main deck and just move dennis he's
obviously to the side so there's
definitely sposed to be three rotors and
i even made a comment i'll probably put
an annotation if you already didn't know
that but yeah go check out the evil
storm deck profile i posted yesterday
i'll probably link it up here in the
description of this video so see you
guys tomorrow my facebook twitter
instagram facebook fanpage all that
stuff down below I'm parks I don't worry
I'm not driving with no hands I'd be an
absolute beast or am I say how could you
get that tomorrow and remember do list
limits like fears are often just an
illusion see you next time guys
you